Mike Boylan: Hi,
my name is Mike Boylan,
and I'm a senior
consulting engineer
in Apple's Worldwide
Field Engineering team
focused on macOS deployment
and management.
I'm really excited to help you
prepare your organization
for macOS Monterey.
macOS Monterey brings
powerful features
designed to allow you
to connect, share, and create
like never before,
get things done faster,
and work seamlessly
across Apple devices.
And there are a number
of platform changes,
new management features,
and lots of deployment workflow
improvements for IT as well.
In deploying macOS Big Sur,
we covered changes
to deployment and management
for Mac computers
with Apple silicon
and went deep
into deployment workflows
with a focus on
the macOS Installer.
And at WWDC21,
we had a lot
of sessions for you,
covering a wide range of topics
relevant to deployment
and management of macOS.
We'll recap some of the key
points from these sessions,
but we'll also share updates
we've made since these sessions
based on your feedback.
There are improvements
in macOS Monterey
throughout all aspects
of the deployment life cycle,
from initial enrollment,
to deployment
and ongoing management,
and return to service.
Let's get started
with initial enrollment.
Automated Device Enrollment
lets organizations configure
and manage devices
from the moment the devices
are removed from the box
and enables you to use
all available MDM functionality,
including marking
the MDM profile as nonremovable.
Automated Device Enrollment
is designed for devices
owned by the organization
and works best with devices
purchased directly from Apple
or from participating
Apple Authorized Resellers
or carriers.
We know that some devices
may be purchased or donated
from outside
of the normal channels
that support
Automated Device Enrollment;
and for these scenarios,
we're introducing
Apple Configurator for iPhone
which will be available
on the App Store.
Apple Configurator for iPhone
makes it easy
to assign any supported Mac
running macOS Monterey
to your organization's
Apple School Manager
or Apple Business Manager,
allowing you to take advantage
of all of the great
device management features
that Automated Device Enrollment
enables.
Using Apple Configurator
for iPhone
requires Mac computers
with the Apple T2 security chip
or Apple silicon running
macOS Monterey
and an administrator or
Device Enrollment Manager user
to log in.
You simply bring
Apple Configurator for iPhone
close to the Mac while
it's in the Setup Assistant
to start the process.
Like on iOS, there's a 30-day
provisional period
where a user can opt out of
the Automated Device Enrollment
by removing the MDM profile
from the Profiles pane
in System Preferences.
This requires
administrator credentials
and will also remove the Mac
from Apple School Manager
or Apple Business Manager.
For more information,
watch the WWDC21 session
"Manage devices
with Apple Configurator."
Now let's turn to improvements
for ongoing management tasks.
We've talked about
system extensions
for a number of years now,
and we hope that developers
you work with
have already made the transition
away from kernel extensions.
When deploying and managing
system extensions,
to avoid unnecessary
approval prompts to users,
best practice is to deploy
the configuration payloads
to approve the extensions before
apps attempt to load them.
But we know
that's not always possible,
so in macOS 11.3 and later,
installing a system
extension payload
changes the state
of the extension.
For example,
if a system extension
is already pending
user approval,
installing the payload
will activate the extension.
Conversely, removing
the payload will deactivate
the system extension
and mark it for removal
on the next reboot
of the Mac,
allowing for a straightforward
removal process.
But to make it even easier
to remove a system extension
in macOS Monterey,
there's a new
configuration option
in the system extension payload
called
RemovableSystemExtensions.
An app in this list
can deactivate
its own system extensions,
for example,
when an app is uninstalled.
With this key set,  there is
no admin password required
to remove the system extension,
allowing for
a fully automated removal.
Many system extensions
require more than just a system
extension payload
to fully configure them.
For example,
a system extension
that is built with the network
extension framework
may need to set up
a content filter,
which you can enable and approve
using a content filter payload.
Some extensions may also require
Privacy Preferences
Policy Control payloads,
and you may wish
to manage notifications
for critical apps
that use system extensions.
Check with your system extension
vendors on configurations needed
to fully enable
and configure the solutions,
as well as to inquire
about their compatibility
with any other system extensions
that you plan to run
at the same time.
This is especially important
if you plan to use products
from multiple vendors together.
For organizations
that use FileVault
and escrow a personal recovery
key -- or PRK -- with MDM,
macOS Monterey makes it easier
to access Mac computers
with Apple silicon.
In macOS Monterey,
you can boot a Mac directly
using the PRK without
requiring a password change
and an intermediary reboot
through recoveryOS.
This allows for much
faster access to a Mac
to troubleshoot
or assist users.
On this Apple silicon
MacBook Pro,
the unified login experience,
which is new to Apple silicon,
is shown.
Notice that the login screen
is respecting the option
to show the username
and password field
instead of a list of users,
even with FileVault enabled.
To boot the Mac using the PRK,
you can simply press
Option-Shift-Return
and enter the PRK
in the Recovery Key field.
Simply press Return
or click the forward arrow
when finished
to boot the Mac.
Let's discuss our recommendation
for using personal recovery keys
or institutional recovery keys,
also known as IRKs,
with FileVault going forward.
On Intel-based Mac computers,
an IRK could be used to unlock
a FileVault-encrypted Mac,
disable FileVault
using the command line,
or more commonly, to recover
data using target disk mode.
Using an IRK at scale
is now considered legacy,
and an IRK provides
no functional use
on Mac computers
with Apple silicon.
Mac computers with Apple silicon
have Mac Sharing mode
instead of target disk mode,
and it requires having access
to recoveryOS to use.
Alternatively, a personal
recovery key, or PRK,
is unique per encrypted volume,
can be escrowed to MDM,
and allows for easy key rotation
after use.
It can also be used on a Mac
directly to access recoveryOS
or to boot macOS,
as we just showed
on Apple silicon.
This process for Intel-based
Mac computers is similar.
A PRK is an extremely
robust tool for organizations,
and organizations
currently using
institutional recovery
keys
should use personal recovery
keys instead going forward.
We continue to add
additional user privacy
protections to macOS.
In macOS Monterey,
apps or services
that require the installation
or configuration of pluggable
authentication modules --
or PAM modules --
now require user authorization.
Authorization can be granted
using a Privacy Preferences
Policy Control profile from MDM
that grants full disk access
or access to system
administrator files.
Many MDMs already grant
their agent tools
access to these categories,
so it's possible
your existing workflows
won't need to change at all
to accommodate
this new protection.
The built-in Kerberos extension
offers a way
to provide directory
connectivity
to an on-premise, active
directory environment
without actually needing to bind
a Mac computer itself
to the directory.
In one-to-one deployments,
we recommend using the Kerberos
extension or solutions like it,
along with local accounts,
instead of traditional directory
binding and mobile accounts
whenever possible.
We built the Kerberos extension
into the operating systems
in macOS Catalina,
and iOS and iPadOS 13,
and it is the replacement
for Enterprise Connect on macOS.
Enterprise Connect is officially
sunset as of macOS Monterey
and running Enterprise Connect
on macOS Monterey
is not supported.
The Kerberos extension has
some new optional settings
in macOS Monterey.
You can now specify a preferred
Kerberos Distribution Center,
or KDC,
for your Mac computers to use.
And you can limit access
to the Kerberos credential
to only apps
that match bundle IDs
in a configured
access control list
that are explicitly
installed as managed.
Additionally, you can allow
the standard system
Kerberos utilities
including Ticket Viewer
in klist
to access and use
the credential too.
We've also improved
the reliability
for checking for required
password changes.
For more details on the Kerberos
extension, please check out
the "Leverage Enterprise
Identity and Authentication"
session from WWDC 2020.
Since macOS 10.15 Catalina,
scripting language runtime
such as Python, Ruby,
and Pearl
have been included in macOS
for compatibility
with legacy software only.
Future versions of macOS
won't include scripting language
runtimes by default
and might require you
to install additional packages.
If software you use depends
on scripting languages,
it's recommended that vendors
bundle the runtimes
within their apps instead.
In macOS Monterey,
the previously bundled system
PHP has been removed.
Python 2 was officially sunset
as of January 2020
by the Python Software
Foundation
and isn't recommended
to be used.
In macOS Monterey,
a graphical dialogue will appear
when an app tries to use
the built-in system Python 2.7.
It's important to note
that the dialogue displays
the calling app information.
So if an MDM agent runs a script
that you wrote
that is calling
the system Python,
the dialogue may display
the name of the agent app,
even though they may not
actually be using Python
in their app at all.
For that reason,
it's recommended
to check your scripts
for usage of the system Python
and update them as necessary.
Future versions of macOS
won't include Python 2.7.
It's recommended
that you install
and manage your own runtimes,
including Python 3.
You can also call the system
Python 3 if needed,
but that requires the Xcode
command line tools
to be installed.
In macOS Monterey,
using the socketfilterfw
command-line tool or MDM
to manage the system firewall
are mutually exclusive.
If any options for the firewall
are configured using MDM,
the command-line tool will not
allow modifying any settings
even by an administrator.
We've enhanced
the MDM manageability
of the system firewall
in macOS Monterey
by enabling the configuration
of the logging options,
including setting logging
to be on and to what level.
Currently configured
logging options
are also now provided to MDM
in the security info query
to help with
compliance reporting.
Note that when managing
the system firewall using MDM,
the options for allowing signed,
downloaded, or system apps
for incoming connections
are always enabled.
These map back
to the command-line options
for allow, download,
signed, enabled,
and allow, signed,
enabled, set to on.
There are a number of changes
to TLS certificate trusts
in macOS Monterey.
Underscores in DNS names
are now allowed,
multiple extensions with
the same extenID are rejected,
key usage is more
strictly enforced,
and pathLenConstraints
on enterprise root CAs
are enforced.
For SMIME, certificates with
RSA keys less than 2048 bits
are no longer trusted.
In macOS Big Sur we enabled
managed apps on macOS,
including support for managed
app configuration and feedback
and the ability to remove an app
with an MDM command
or when a device unenrolls
from MDM.
New in macOS Monterey,
if you use User Enrollment
for BYOD environments,
managed app data is separated
on a different volume,
and managed apps
that use CloudKit
now use the Managed Apple ID
associated with the MDM profile.
When the app is removed,
the data container is erased.
Managed Apple IDs
also now support iCloud Drive
for user enrollments.
The organizational iCloud Drive
appears as an additional
location in Finder.
Watch the "Discover
account-driven user enrollment"
session from WWDC 2021
for more details.
In macOS Monterey,
Mac computers with Apple silicon
now support the 802.11k,
v, and r Wi-Fi standards
for optimized roaming
on enterprise networks.
The IPv6-Only-Preferred option
is also now supported
in DHCPv4 on all Mac computers
that support macOS Monterey,
which allows IPv6-capable
devices to forgo
the assignment
of an IPv4 address.
There's also a restriction
available for preventing
the use of iCloud Private Relay,
a new iCloud+ feature
that helps protect
a user's privacy
when they browse the web
in Safari.
You can block
iCloud Private Relay
on a specific network
using DNS,
but this restriction prevents it
from being enabled
on the Mac in the first place.
If you use proxy
auto-configuration,
or PAC files, to configure your
Mac computers to use a proxy,
there are important changes in
macOS Monterey to be aware of.
Using HTTP URLs for PAC files
is deprecated.
Web Proxy Autodiscovery,
or WPAD, via DNS
is not affected
by this change.
For any other configurations
of PAC files though,
including WPAD
via DHCP option 252,
macOS Monterey may attempt
to access the PAC file
over HTTPS first
before eventually falling back
to the HTTP URL.
Consult with your networking
teams about these changes,
as only secure URL schemes
should be used for PAC files
going forward.
Now let's talk about
an incredibly important aspect
of device management
for organizations:
managing software updates.
At WWDC 2021 my colleague Lucy
from the Software Update team
gave a great session detailing
improvements to managing
software updates
across Apple platforms.
That session contained
a wealth of information
for MDM developers
and admins alike,
and we'd encourage you
to watch it.
Here, we'll provide
some additional guidance,
specifically for you
as an admin.
First, let's start
with the software update
command-line tool,
as we recognize that
a lot of organizations
currently wrap tooling around it
to manage software updates
on macOS.
The software update
command-line tool
is still supported
and is not deprecated.
It requires elevated privileges
to run on both Intel
and Apple silicon,
but on Apple silicon,
it asks for user credentials
for a volume owner
to install a software update.
More details on volume ownership
can be found
in the resources section
we'll discuss at the end
of the session.
By default,
the tool will prompt for
these credentials interactively,
but macOS Monterey
also includes options
for passing the user credentials
directly into the command.
In macOS Monterey you can use
the Software Update CLI tool
at the login window to install
software updates as well.
While the software update
command-line tool
is still supported
and you may be able to modify
existing tooling or workflows
to accommodate
the authentication requirement
on Apple silicon,
you should use MDM and the
ScheduleOSUpdateCommand
to deploy software updates
to manage Mac computers
going forward
in an organization.
Using MDM will help you unify
update deployment workflows
across both Intel-based
Mac computers
and Mac computers
with Apple Silicon.
There are three stages of
managing software updates:
testing, deploying,
and enforcing.
Let's start with testing
and the ability to defer
software updates.
When we release
a beta version of an OS,
you have time and tools to test
the OS in your environment
before it's released,
including with test plans
and focus release notes
in AppleSeed for IT.
Once an update
is publicly released,
software update deferral
restrictions that you can apply
from MDM
to supervised Mac computers
prevent software updates
from being offered to users
until a specified period of time
has expired.
This period of time
is configurable
from one to 90 days.
Update visibility on a Mac
relative to the deferral period
is based on the publication date
of an update
and not when
a client Mac computer
first discovers the update.
In macOS 11.3 or later
you can set separate,
independent deferral
windows for major,
minor, and non-OS
updates such as Safari.
And while the maximum
deferral window
for all update types is 90 days,
note that installing
a major macOS upgrade as a user
requires administrator
credentials
and running an
Install Assistant application.
Also, it's really important to
note that while deferred updates
aren't visible in the
Software Update preference pane
or in the output of the Software
Update command-line tool,
MDM still has the ability
to install specific updates
on devices.
In other words, an update does
not need to be visible to a user
in order for MDM
to be able to install it.
This gives you
the flexibility to, for example,
completely skip a particular
update in your environment
and simply instruct
your Mac computers
to jump ahead to a newer
OS update if you prefer it.
Once you've tested,
next you're ready
to deploy software updates.
When using MDM
to update a device,
MDM sends a
ScheduleOSUpdateCommand.
The command on macOS
has several different modes
of operation known
as "install actions".
The available install actions
are DownloadOnly,
NotifyOnly, InstallASAP
or default,
InstallForceRestart,
and InstallLater.
Let's go through them now.
DownloadOnly is useful for both
attended and unattended devices
to download the update
in the background
before installation time.
NotifyOnly can be used
to alert users
that there's an action
for installation --
neither of these options
actually start an install.
InstallASAP or Default
is the primary
update mechanism on macOS.
It is ideal for unattended
or remote macOS devices
or for situations where
you want to enforce an update
as quickly as possible
but still respect applications
that may currently need to block
a restart for updating,
such as if a critical task
needs to finish running.
Unless an application
blocks restart,
this action performs the update
as soon as possible
once the download finishes
with an option displayed
in a notification
for a user to cancel the restart
within 60 seconds.
In macOS Monterey the 60-second
countdown timer is displayed
for both major
and minor updates.
InstallASAP is also
the install action
that should and can be used for
major macOS upgrades using MDM.
For example, you can upgrade
a Mac from macOS Big Sur 11.5
and later to macOS Monterey
using only MDM,
without needing
to separately download
the full macOS installer first
and without the use
of any scripting
using tools
like startosinstall.
InstallForceRestart is
the ultimate enforcement action
for installing an update
as it ignores
any blocking applications
and installs the update
as quickly as possible.
This is ideal for ensuring
compliance by an absolute date
as long as the device is online
or for unattended or remote
systems where it doesn't matter
what is happening on the device
in the current moment.
Note that this action
can cause data loss as, again,
it doesn't stop
for blocking applications,
so it should be used
with extreme caution.
Last but not least
is InstallLater.
InstallLater allows you
to schedule an update
for installing that night
if possible
and is analogous
to the InstallTonight option
that the standard
Software Update system
offers to a user.
The device will choose
a window of time
based on machine learning,
using conditions such as
when the device is least used,
for the install to occur
which usually happens
between 2 and 4 a.m.
A number of changes
to make these install actions
even more useful
to organizations
were made in macOS Monterey.
Supporting InstallLater
with 50 percent
or greater battery life
will help ensure
even greater coverage
of enforcement
of software updates.
Next, all install actions
that actually start and install
support the use of
the bootstrap token from MDM
to authorize the installation
on Apple silicon,
and one is required
for enforcing updates
without user interaction
that happened automatically.
Note, however, that if users
act on a notification
and begin and update themselves
through System Preferences
they will be prompted for
their password on Apple silicon.
A user does not need
to be an administrator
to authorize the update,
they just need to be
a volume owner.
macOS Monterey supports
installing OS updates
when the standard user
is logged into the Mac,
as well as from the login window
when no user is logged in.
This helps ensure
compatibility with remote
or unattended deployments
such as in a computer lab
or data center.
And in macOS Monterey
there's the ability to use
the ProductVersion
like 12.1 to install an update.
This reduces the complexity
of identifying available
software updates.
Your MDM can now make
a single, server-side query
instead of having to query
all of your devices
and compare that query with
the software update device ID,
which is part of
the device information
your MDM already
gets periodically.
This makes
your update process as simple
as selecting a specific version
to send to a device.
During beta cycles,
you can use the same version
to install the latest
available beta as well.
For example, sending 12.1
would install the latest
available beta of 12.1,
even if your device was already
running an earlier beta of 12.1.
Now let's go through
enforcing updates.
As we mentioned earlier,
the InstallForceRestart action
is the ultimate enforcement
action and can be used
whenever you need to enforce
an update right away.
But when you know
a defined timeline
or simply need
to ensure compliance
with organizational
security policies,
the new user deferral option
in macOS Monterey
is a great choice.
The new user deferral quota
option lets you specify
a maximum number of times
a Mac should prompt a user
to install an update
before the update is enforced.
This uses the InstallLater
install action
with a new key
called MaxUserDeferrals.
A notification is presented
to the user informing them
that a required managed update
has been requested to install.
The title of the notification
is Required managed update
and asks the user
when they want to install it.
Expanding the notification
gives them options
to install the update
right away,
try to install it that night,
or defer it.
It also includes the number
of remaining deferrals
for the user,
which will decrease by one
each time the user
sees the notification --
approximately once per day.
If the user ignores the
notification or uses a deferral,
no attempt to install the update
is made that night.
This is an important change
we wanted to call out
from the behavior
described at WWDC.
Once the maximum number
of deferrals is reached,
the notification
informs the user
that there are
no deferrals remaining
and that the update is scheduled
to automatically
install that night.
MacOS will forcefully
install the update
as if an InstallForceRestart
action was used
and does require the device
to be connected to power
or have 50 percent or more
battery life to proceed.
If those conditions aren't met,
the device will simply
try to force the update again
the next night.
These improvements
to managing software updates
using MDM in macOS Monterey
will allow you to more easily
ensure compliance,
manage software compatibility
across your fleet,
and unify update
deployment workflows
across both Intel-based
Mac computers
and Mac computers
with Apple silicon.
We encourage you
to continue filing feedback
on software update management.
Be sure to use
a Managed Apple ID
from Apple School Manager
or Apple Business Manager
to file your feedback through
the AppleSeed for IT program.
Now let's explore
a return to service,
for which macOS Monterey offers
an incredible improvement.
macOS Monterey brings
Erase All Content and Settings
to the Mac.
quickly resets a Mac
to its current OS version,
cryptographically removing
all user data in the process.
Erase All Content and Settings
is supported on Mac computers
with the Apple T2 security chip
and Apple silicon.
Sending the EraseDeviceCommand
from MDM
to supported Mac models
in macOS Monterey
will initiate Erase All Content
and Settings by default.
The previous
erase device behavior --
called obliteration -- is only
used as a fallback behavior,
and we'll discuss that more
shortly.
On Mac computers
with Apple silicon,
any startup security settings
that you have modified
in recoveryOS are also reset.
And we know that you might not
want a user to be able
to easily erase
their Mac themselves,
so there is a restriction
available from MDM
to prevent a user from running
the Erase Assistant in macOS --
even as an administrator.
A few more things to know about
Erase All Content and Settings
when initiating it from MDM.
The Mac must be booted
from an internal,
sealed system volume,
and it must be booted from
the first partition on the disk
if there are multiple.
If the Mac does have
multiple volumes or partitions,
they will be removed
during the process
but external volumes
are not erased.
Mac computers with Apple silicon
must have a bootstrap token
available from MDM
to authorize the erase.
And Intel-based Mac computers
with the Apple T2 security chip
must be in Full Security mode.
And if an EFI firmware password
is set, it needs to be cleared
before initiating
Erase All Content and Settings.
Note that in macOS 12.01
and later,
MDM can send the
SetFirmwarePasswordCommand
to clear the firmware password,
followed by
an EraseDeviceCommand
to initiate Erase All Content
and Settings
without requiring
an intermediary reboot
between the commands.
When one or more
of the requirements
for Erase All Content and
Settings initiated with MDM
are not met,
by default a Mac will fall back
to the macOS 11 behavior
called obliteration.
Obliteration requires
a full reinstallation of macOS
before the Mac can be used.
You can optionally control
this fallback behavior
by specifying the new
obliteration behavior key
in the EraseDeviceCommand
from MDM.
You can specify whether
the Mac should or should not
fall back to obliteration,
and each option controls
the response code
sent back to MDM.
Check with your MDM vendor
on support for this option,
as it's useful to ensure
you don't accidentally
end up needing
to fully reinstall macOS
when you only intended
to Erase All Content
and Settings instead.
Triggering Erase All Content
and Settings from MDM
requires a Mac computer
to reactivate in recoveryOS.
However, we're super excited
to announce
that in macOS 12.1 and later,
Erase All Content and Settings
initiated from MDM
can be used in combination
with Auto Advance
that we introduced last year
in macOS Big Sur.
If connected to Ethernet,
the Mac can complete the entire
cycle of erasing the device,
reactivating in recoveryOS,
and rebooting back into macOS
to automatically enroll in MDM.
These two technologies
combined together
result in an incredibly fast
return to service
and reprovisioning strategy
for remote Mac computers.
Note that on Mac computers
with Apple silicon,
the language chooser will not be
displayed upon reboot into macOS
when going through
this process.
Now we'll quickly cover
a few additional changes
to be aware of in macOS Monterey
that may be useful
to your organization.
macOS Monterey brings Shortcuts
to the Mac.
Shortcuts are the future
of Mac automation,
and macOS Monterey
begins a multiyear transition
away from Automator.
We still care deeply
about Automator
and everyone who relies on it,
so in order to make
the transition
as smooth as possible,
we've built a migration tool
that can convert most automated
workflows into Shortcuts
including with full support for
AppleScript and shell scripting.
For more details
on this transition,
watch the "Meet Shortcuts
for macOS" session
from WWDC 2021.
In macOS Monterey, you can now
share, play, or present content
from another Apple device
to a Mac.
This is super helpful
to allow for
easier sharing of schoolwork,
giving demos of applications,
or to simply more easily mirror
or extend your display,
just to list
a few possibilities.
Mac also now works
as an AirPlay speaker,
and can even function
as a secondary speaker
to create multi-room audio.
The AirPlay receiver feature
is on by default
and defaults to only accepting
devices with the same Apple ID,
although
this automatic discovery
is disabled
for Managed Apple IDs.
The AirPlay receiver
can be turned off
or security settings changed
in the Sharing pane
in System Preferences.
Note that
the same network option
still prompts for permission
via notification
in Notification Center
and requests the user enter
a device-specific PIN code.
Even when not connected
to WI-FI,
the Everyone option supports
peer-to-peer discovery
and connectivity between the
sender and the receiving Mac.
When initiating
an AirPlay connection
from a device
for the first time,
the AirPlay code screen is shown
with the PIN code.
Once connected,
the AirPlay session appears
in full screen on the Mac.
While not a new feature
to macOS Monterey specifically,
we did want to highlight
the new version
of the Apps and Books API
in Apple School Manager
and Apple Business Manager.
This API is used by MDM
to assign app and book licenses
to your users or devices.
The new apps and books API
uses asynchronous processing;
provides real-time notifications
for state changes
to assignments, assets,
and registered users;
and supports
increased request sizes.
As an example, a deployment
of 25 apps to 10,000 users
used to take 25,000 requests
and can now be accomplished
in just 10 requests.
This should greatly improve
the speed and reliability
of large device deployments,
whether it's for
the back-to-school season
in education,
employee onboarding events,
or large device refreshes.
For more details,
watch the "Improve MDM
assignment of apps and books"
session from WWDC 2021.
Now let's review some resources
to help you be successful
in your deployments
of macOS Monterey.
We strongly encourage you
to test new Apple software
in your organization
before it's released.
The AppleSeed for IT program
allows any nonstudent
Managed Apple ID
from Apple School Manager
or Apple Business Manager
to participate without
needing an invitation.
AppleSeed for IT allows you
to access and download
prerelease Apple software
for testing in your environment,
includes detailed test plans,
and puts your feedback
submissions
into a dedicated queue
for organizations.
The release notes are also
targeted at organizations
and you can easily reassign
feedback to other colleagues.
The Apple Device
Deployment Reference
is a technical document
with information available
about MDM payloads,
commands, and queries
to help you configure devices
in your environment,
including information about
whether or not payloads
can be combined;
if they're supported for
devices, users, or both;
and more.
It also provides
supporting information
about infrastructure
and services integration.
While primarily intended
for MDM developers,
the MDM Developer Documentation
is an incredibly helpful
and thorough resource
that's available to you too
for helping to understand
how MDM works
and the options available
at the protocol level.
The Apple Platform
Security Documentation
provides security information
about all software, hardware,
and services across
the Apple platforms.
The AppleCare Professional
Support website
hosts program information
for each of the
AppleCare OS support offerings
for IT departments
and help desks,
including AppleCare
for Enterprise.
Volume ownership information
can be found
in the Apple Device Deployment
Reference
and the Apple Platform
Security Guide.
We have several Apple Support
articles available
that cover information
we discussed today as well.
We're super excited about all
of the great platform changes,
new management features,
and deployment workflow
improvements
in macOS Monterey
and hope you are too.
Thanks so much
for watching.